<h1 style="text-align: center; text-decoration: underline">JavaScript in the Browser: part 2</h1>

## Interactive Content

By far, the most common type of interactivity frontend developers tend to do is interacting with forms and form elements. This occurs so much that it warrants its own section.

In the code example above, there is a simple form. Note that the code to generate the form is located in `index.html`. Feel free to take a peek and note that while there are three input fields, autocomplete and simple email validation are generated by using the proper labels.

### Problems with traditional forms

In modern application development, there is the concept of an <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single-page_application" target="_blank">SPA</a>. In short, this simply means websites serve a single webpage, and rather than a request being made for additional pages, the content and url are updated, but a network request is never really made. It's essentially a clever trick to give the experience of a traditional website, while making the site appear significantly faster.

Traditionally (and by default), forms _always_ make a network request when submitted, which means the page would refresh, and the new data would appear. To reiterate, in modern application development, eliminating the need to refresh the browser for data is a must.

## <a href='https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_element_addeventlistener.asp' target=_blank>Event listeners</a>

Event Listeners are ways to subscribe to an action. An example of this are when an item on a webpage is `hover`ed, `click`ed, etc. Any HTML elment can have an event listener. In the context of forms, we want to listen to when it is `submit`ed. To do this, we use the `addEventListener` method. Again, this method can be attached to any HTML node. Typically, this method will take two arguments:

1. The name of the event. ie) hover, click, submit, change
2. An anonymous function that will automatically be called when the event is fired.

### Solving the need to refresh the browser

Everytime the form is completely filled out, we want something similar to the following sentence to appear:

> _"Michael Liendo can eat 10 tacos 🌮 at one time! Don't believe me? Email him yourself at mliendo@aquent.com"_

Review the code sample to see how this can be accomplished using the skills learned in this section and the previous section.
